So let's look at cloud front and a bit more depth.
So here we have a couple of origins.
We've got an in-situ to origin and we've got an Amazon S3 origin.
And we also have something called a cloud front regional edge cache.
The regional edge cache sits between edge locations and the origin.
There's fewer of them.
There's only 12 compared to a lot more edge locations, but they have a larger cache bandwidth so they
can hold more content.
There are 210 edge locations, so that's spread all over the world, which means hopefully they'll be
close to wherever your uses are.
So global users are then able to access those points of presence around the world.
So an edge location is a points of presence, and that means that's where users connect once they connect
to the edge location.
All of the traffic from that point on goes over the U.S. global network, which means low latency and
consistency and high throughput and performance.
So let's say we've got an object and a user wants to find that objects in an edge location, so he performs
and actually Typekit.
Now remember that cloud front can push your content out to an edge location.
But there might be times when the version of an object is stale or you've deleted an object, or for
some reason, it's not there yet.
It's not in the cache location.
What happens then, is we have something called a cache miss.
So the location doesn't have a copy of our image, so we then go to the regional edge cache.
Let's say there's a miss there as well.
At this time, you have to do an origin fetch.
So you have to go to the origin and retrieve the content, and then it's going to be cached so it gets
cached in multiple locations and then return to the actual requester.
The object gets cached for 24 hours by default.
Now, when another user wants to connect, the object is in that location.
So there's a cache hits and the object gets returned straight to the client with great performance.
When the title expires, the fall is then removed, and that's when an origin fetch can occur again
and retrieve the file and make sure that the latest version of the file is retrieved.
Decreasing the tidal is best for dynamic concerned if your content is likely to change, then you don't
want it to be cash for too long because people might be getting stale objects.
You can actually remove your objects from the cache, but it does cost you to do so.
So it's better to set your TTL properly.
If you want to increase it, then you can do so, and that's going to give better performance because
there's not going to be as many of those instances where a user wants to connect and an origin fetch
has to occur.
You can define the maximum TTL and a default TTL, and you do so at the behavior level in the distribution.
You can even have different TCL's four different file types of exploration.
Cloud Front will check the origin for new requests, so it's checking that the file is the latest version.
You can also use headers to control the cache you use, the cache that control back age equals, and
then you specify the number of seconds.
And that specifies how long before Cloud Front will go back to the origin and fetch the latest version.
And you can set expires for an expiration date and time.
Let's look now at path patterns.
So we have our cloud front distribution, and in this case, we have two origins.
One's got a JPEG image.
One's got an MP for video.
We can create a behavior in our distribution.
And in this case, we're creating a path pattern that says that any requests for JPEG images should
be forwarded to origin one.
Any requests for MP for files should be sent to origin to the default is origin one.
So what happens now is the path pattern will determine where to send in requests.
We've got to use it here.
The users looking for beach jpg, so that should go to origin one.
And the object gets returned.
Then the user wants to request the MP for file that goes to origin too.
And that gets returned, so path patterns are a great way to forward your request to different origins.
The default origin is then used for any requests that don't match a specified path pattern.
And this is the configuration you'll find in Cloud Finder.
We'll do this in the hands on.
So you can set up the path pattern for JPEG images to Origin one and before the Origin two and Defaults
Origin one.
Another common exam question includes request headers.
So you need to understand how these work.
You can configure cloud front to forward the headers in the view request to the Origin Cloud.
Font can then cache multiple versions of an object based on the values of the request headers.
This is controlled in a behavior so that can do one of the following things You can forward all headers
to your origin, and in this case, objects are not cached.
You can afford a whitelist, the headers that you specify, and you can forward only the default headers,
and it doesn't cache any objects on values and request status.
And that's it for caching and behaviors.
And in the next lesson, we're going to look at signed URLs and origin access identities.